>> Brian Holt: Okay, so we have
kind of a code smell going on here.
We have this header up here,
well the one code smell is spinning art,
right, that's a bad one.
The second one is we have
this header here, and
we also have the same header in search,
right?
So we have duplicated code.
So that's a code smell too, that's
probably a component onto itself, so
I should abstract that into a component,
and then use it in both places, right?
Cuz, let's say you change
your branding tomorrow, and
then now you're a different shade
of purple or whatever, right?
It sucks to have to go and
update that in every single place.
As much as you can update just one place,
that's better.
So let's go ahead and
go abstract that into its own component.
So make a new file.
Call it Header.js.
>> Brian Holt: And inside of Header,
import React from 'react',
import  from react-router.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
I think this is a good place to do it.
>> Brian Holt: So, so far I've showed
you stateless functional components.
I've showed you the react create
class method of creating components.
I'm gonna show you the last way
to do components right now,
which is the ES6 class syntax.
So we're gonna say class Header
extends React.Component.
>> Brian Holt: And
then down here at the bottom,
we're gonna say export Default Header.
Okay.
So ES6 classes,
I'm not personally a big fan,
it's feels too Java-y to me.
[LAUGH] But, this is the way that react
is choosing to go, for good reasons.
They're trying to get away from
having their own class syntax, and
their trying to draw within
the JavaScript lines, and
just draw within the language itself,
understandable.
But you lose some conveniences,
which we will probably see momentarily.
But for now, this works more or
less the same,
we're gonna have a render method right
here, which is going to return mark up.
Only reason I'd show you this, is if you
go to read the react docs right now,
this is what they look like, so.
>> Brian Holt: So my caveat here,
is things are mostly the same and
not totally the same.
So just keep that in mind.
We are gonna run up here
momentarily into some differences.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so inside of
the header we're gonna put in h1.
And inside of the h1
we're gonna put a Link,
>> Brian Holt: To, right, and
someone clicks on the branding
they probably expect to go back to
the home page, so
that's just what we're gonna do.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
that's all we're gonna do for right now.
Any questions so far?
We'll eventually get to the differences
between ES6 classes and
react create class, but
beyond that, any questions?
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
>> Brian Holt: So
now let's go pull that into details.js.
>> Brian Holt: So up here at the top say,
import Header from ./Header.
>> Brian Holt: And instead of this header
right here, we're just gonna have Header.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
go back to your details page.
And now if you click on header,
or sorry on the svideo,
it should take you back to the home page.